hello with you android android today
wanted to talk send a game
called super cards and set yourself
card wrestling yes yes you are not
misheard
despite this and threatened to start quality
and quality interesting filling on
English by understood from the name
genres you will play using
different cards and you will look for soot with
different players here are our cards
which we have the presence of each card
has certain characteristics here
even girls are even alive here
to train a card that boost different
specifications
combine much more so are we
we can purchase these special cards
score
there now let's see
directly the very depths of ks and write
I will have one won so panin with
which we will fight let's
drank this dude now you see
that strongly represent the long serotype
on swing in which shows how
characters are coming out but not characters
cards and loosen up how it looks very
by the way a very cool toy such
child help here so we have cards
come out as if
the real new cards here are very
cool done now they will
fight each other would happen
randomly that is how would depend
characteristics before the fight somehow not
sling cube and someone will increase
opportunity and someone decreases and here
first shot and the sea
drag the player lost unfortunately we go
now try to win these
a little hairy man he's not your mind and
against us no no no beauty my and so
there is a fight
opportunity to get it going
duel
who is who and roll on the floor wins
go ahead so now there will be two players
fight
and throws away the clocks of the city all the more difficult
fits each other and which of them
winner look at opportunities
add a choke to our rival my
the most so who will lead is not yet clear
so we lost unfortunately jumped in
this fight
I'll tell you very original
interesting game afterwards we can play
random cards which u have
join us and we can then
use them in battle
beauty
intercept the first deputy for me will
here you can even play various things
to buy
and besides that kill some such google
and in which we can be friends with you
use here more than anything for wonder
made very interesting too
I like this game I advise this
primer with being played it was android android
like the subscribed youtube channel
join the group contact all bye until
see you soon